README.md, before:

# node.js-readme-generator

## Description 

We are using node.js to easeily create a README file for the user by using the command line application to answer the questions posed and to create the README file.

## User Story

AS A developer
I WANT a README generator
SO THAT I can quickly create a professional README for a new project

## Acceptance Criteria 

GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I am prompted for information about my application repository
THEN a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of my project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions
WHEN I enter my project title
THEN this is displayed as the title of the README
WHEN I enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions
THEN this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests
WHEN I choose a license for my application from a list of options
THEN a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under
WHEN I enter my GitHub username
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
WHEN I enter my email address
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach me with additional questions
WHEN I click on the links in the Table of Contents
THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README

## Mock Up


## Notes

Here are some websites I used to help me with my assignment: (I also got help from my instructor, TA and Tutor):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VUQABoFOqw


I also went back to previous assignments and activities to get tips on how to code this assignment

Commit message:

I added a samplereadme.md file using the readme-generator that I created and coded so the graders could see the tool/app in action.

README.md, after:

# node.js-readme-generator

## Description 

We are using node.js to easeily create a README file for the user by using the command line application to answer the questions posed and to create the README file.

## User Story

AS A developer
I WANT a README generator
SO THAT I can quickly create a professional README for a new project

## Acceptance Criteria 

GIVEN a command-line application that accepts user input
WHEN I am prompted for information about my application repository
THEN a high-quality, professional README.md is generated with the title of my project and sections entitled Description, Table of Contents, Installation, Usage, License, Contributing, Tests, and Questions
WHEN I enter my project title
THEN this is displayed as the title of the README
WHEN I enter a description, installation instructions, usage information, contribution guidelines, and test instructions
THEN this information is added to the sections of the README entitled Description, Installation, Usage, Contributing, and Tests
WHEN I choose a license for my application from a list of options
THEN a badge for that license is added near the top of the README and a notice is added to the section of the README entitled License that explains which license the application is covered under
WHEN I enter my GitHub username
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with a link to my GitHub profile
WHEN I enter my email address
THEN this is added to the section of the README entitled Questions, with instructions on how to reach me with additional questions
WHEN I click on the links in the Table of Contents
THEN I am taken to the corresponding section of the README

## Mock Up

https://github.com/mradison/node.js-readme-generator

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1z5ULrH1sq20egsBlTuVNVBnxbQx633ST/view





## Notes

Here are some websites I used to help me with my assignment: (I also got help from my instructor, TA and Tutor):

https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2VUQABoFOqw


I also went back to previous assignments and activities to get tips on how to code this assignment. 

I also go help from classmates that were working on the same project.
